Add The Grug Brained Developer (#44)
charlax/professional-programming: README.md

> I had learned already never to empty the well of my writing, but always to stop when there was still something there in the deep part of the well, and let it refill at night from the springs that fed it. -- Ernest Hemingway

> 
> - [The Grug Brained Developer](https://grugbrain.dev): habbits of self-aware programmer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [The Grug Brained Developer](https://grugbrain.dev): habits of self-aware programmer. Like Tao of Programming, different style.

```
